feat: Aspose.PDF for .NET 23.9 (#210)
aspose-pdf/Aspose.PDF-Documentation: net/release-notes/release-notes-2023/aspose-pdf-for-net-23-9-release-notes/_index.md

type: docs
weight: 120
url: /net/aspose-pdf-for-net-23-9-release-notes/
lastmod: "2023-09-07"
description: This page contains new Aspose.PDF for .NET features, enhancement, and bug fixes in 2023, version 23.9.
sitemap:
    changefreq: "monthly"
    priority: 0.7
---

{{% alert color="primary" %}}

This page contains release notes information for Aspose.PDF for .NET 23.9.

{{% /alert %}}

## Improvements and Changes

|**Key**|**Summary**|**Category**|
| :- | :- | :- |
|PDFNET-55157|Adding image with ImageFilterType.Flate does not preserve transparency|Feature|
|PDFNET-55270|Provide a way to remove a child annotation from a fillable field|Feature|
|PDFNET-44218|PDF/A-1b Conversion: Bad performance on some files|Enhancement|
|PDFNET-55385|Enhance CheckBoxField.AddOption method behavior|Enhancement|
|PDFNET-55343|Huge file size after copying fillable fields from another document|Enhancement|
|PDFNET-53213|PDF Text changing and getting mirrored when extracting text|Bug|
|PDFNET-54761|TextFragmentAbsorber not finding text extracted|Bug|
|PDFNET-55037|Adding images is very slow with Flate filter (REPSVC-1478)|Bug|
|PDFNET-49287|PDF to TIFF - Need to speed up the conversion process|Bug|

> |PDFNET-55338|Investigation: Exception occurred while optimizing and saving PDF|Bug|

Reviewer: We should remove this internal task from the list

|PDFNET-53695|PDF to PDF/A: Misplaced text|Bug|
|PDFNET-49490|PDF to PDF/A - output is not compliant due to usage of OTF fonts|Bug|
|PDFNET-53307|PDF to PDF/A : Title mismatch|Bug|
|PDFNET-50993|HTML to PDF: MS Mincho TTC font gets replaced|Bug|
|PDFNET-42413|PDF to PDF/A - some gradient images are converted incorrectly|Bug|
|PDFNET-53527|PDF to PDF/A-3A: Generated PDF_A_3A file cannot be redacted with Adobe|Bug|
|PDFNET-53719|Regression: Text extraction overlaps text after extraction|Bug|
|PDFNET-42802|Exception when joining 2 pdf files|Bug|
|PDFNET-40958|PDF to PDF/A - text is corrupted and resultant file is not PDF/A compliant|Bug|
|PDFNET-55195|Regression: Page.AddStamp() adds stamp to all pages|Bug|
|PDFNET-55301|PDF to TXT: Text missing in output|Bug|
|PDFNET-54912|There is a phenomenon where lines appear above and below the watermark|Bug|
|PDFNET-54459|ArgumentOutOfRangeException occurs on using RedactionAnnotation.Redact()|Bug|
|PDFNET-54955|System.NullReferenceException on PDF to DOCX conversion|Bug|
|PDFNET-46919|PDF to TIF (Various parts of the document are disappearing)|Bug|
|PDFNET-53709|PDFs will not save to XPS or print|Bug|

> |PDFNET-53768|PDF to PDF/A1a: "Required key missing" for StructTreeRoot|Bug|

Reviewer: We should remove the reopened PDFNET-53768 issue from the list.

---
title: Aspose.PDF for .NET 23.9 Release Notes
linktitle: Aspose.PDF for .NET 23.9
type: docs
weight: 120
url: /net/aspose-pdf-for-net-23-9-release-notes/
lastmod: "2023-09-07"
description: This page contains new Aspose.PDF for .NET features, enhancement, and bug fixes in 2023, version 23.9.
sitemap:
    changefreq: "monthly"
    priority: 0.7
---

{{% alert color="primary" %}}

This page contains release notes information for Aspose.PDF for .NET 23.9.

{{% /alert %}}

## Improvements and Changes

|**Key**|**Summary**|**Category**|
| :- | :- | :- |
|PDFNET-55157|Adding image with ImageFilterType.Flate does not preserve transparency|Feature|
|PDFNET-55270|Provide a way to remove a child annotation from a fillable field|Feature|
|PDFNET-44218|PDF/A-1b Conversion: Bad performance on some files|Enhancement|
|PDFNET-55385|Enhance CheckBoxField.AddOption method behavior|Enhancement|

> |PDFNET-55343|Huge file size after copying fillable fields from another document|Enhancement|

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|PDFNET-55343|Reduced file size after copying fillable fields from another document|Enhancement|
```

|PDFNET-45377|Enhance the behavior of Annotation.CreationDate|Enhancement|

> |PDFNET-50826|Time while subsetting the fonts is improved|Enhancement|

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|PDFNET-50826|Reduced time for subset of fonts|Enhancement|
```

|PDFNET-53213|PDF Text changing and getting mirrored when extracting text|Bug|

> |PDFNET-54761|TextFragmentAbsorber not finding text extracted|Bug|

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|PDFNET-54761|TextFragmentAbsorber doesn't find extracted text|Bug|
```

|PDFNET-55037|Adding images is very slow with Flate filter (REPSVC-1478)|Bug|

> |PDFNET-49287|PDF to TIFF - Need to speed up the conversion process|Bug|

Reviewer 2: Maybe it is enhancement?

|PDFNET-47643|Exception occurred during iterating PdfActions in Outline Items|Bug|
|PDFNET-53384|PDF concatenate throws NullPointerException|Bug|
|PDFNET-45331|The output isn't PDF/A_2A compliant|Bug|
|PDFNET-43418|Conversion to pdfa1b gives incompliant output|Bug|
|PDFNET-44952|TIF image insertion to PDF document throws an exception|Bug|
|PDFNET-46798|PDF to PDF/A - conversion corrupts content|Bug|
|PDFNET-45392|Output intent related issue after pdf->pdf/a conversion|Bug|
|PDFNET-52630|Issue in PageTreeNode.GetPage|Bug|
|PDFNET-55159|XslFoToPdfConverterTests.Testimages - transparency of GIF images|Bug|
|PDFNET-55300|Adding bookmarks using Aspose.Pdf is very very slow for large PDF files|Bug|
|PDFNET-45870|PDF to PDF/A - Parameter not valid Exception occurs|Bug|

> |PDFNET-47854|AddPageBreak Method is not working correctly|Bug|

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|PDFNET-47854|AddPageBreak Method does not working correctly|Bug|
```

|PDFNET-49884|StackOverFlowError occurs while getting all fonts from PDF|Bug|
|PDFNET-55027|Processing PDF documents with the RedactionAnnotation class throws IndexOutOfRangeException|Bug|
|PDFNET-54485|Exception occurred while optimizing and saving PDF|Bug|
|PDFNET-48657|Incorrect Cell borders with Colspan and wide tables|Bug|
|PDFNET-42685|Document.BindXML() throws Typer Cell Does Not Exist Exception When TextSegment is empty|Bug|
|PDFNET-44963|PDF To SVG - System.ArgumentException Exception occurred|Bug|
|PDFNET-43118|System.Exception occurred at Document.Save() method resulting 0KB file|Bug|
|PDFNET-53920|Chinese/Japanese characters in GoToRemoteAction brakes the Link Annotation|Bug|
|PDFNET-53744|Image Left Margin does not work|Bug|
|PDFNET-54301|Image horizontaly aligned to the right is outside the page|Bug|
|PDFNET-54555|Document does not allow to add text, throwing 'Invalid font name' Exception|Bug|

> |PDFNET-53938|Rectangles not being drawn on document|Bug|

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|PDFNET-53938|Rectangles are not drawn in the document|Bug|
```

|PDFNET-53527|PDF to PDF/A-3A: Generated PDF_A_3A file cannot be redacted with Adobe|Bug|
|PDFNET-53719|Regression: Text extraction overlaps text after extraction|Bug|
|PDFNET-42802|Exception when joining 2 pdf files|Bug|
|PDFNET-40958|PDF to PDF/A - text is corrupted and resultant file is not PDF/A compliant|Bug|
|PDFNET-55195|Regression: Page.AddStamp() adds stamp to all pages|Bug|
|PDFNET-55301|PDF to TXT: Text missing in output|Bug|
|PDFNET-54912|There is a phenomenon where lines appear above and below the watermark|Bug|
|PDFNET-54459|ArgumentOutOfRangeException occurs on using RedactionAnnotation.Redact()|Bug|
|PDFNET-54955|System.NullReferenceException on PDF to DOCX conversion|Bug|
|PDFNET-46919|PDF to TIF (Various parts of the document are disappearing)|Bug|
|PDFNET-53709|PDFs will not save to XPS or print|Bug|
|PDFNET-42007|PageIndex throws ArgumentException|Bug|
|PDFNET-38754|PDF to PDFA2A/PDFA2B/PDFA3B: Converting PDF, generated from pptx using Aspose.Slides, to PDFA2A/PDFA2B/PDFA3B fails the compliance|Bug|
|PDFNET-54065|[Aspose.PDF.Drawing] Squares instead of Japanese characters when converting PDF on Linux|Bug|

> |PDFNET-53610|The gradient is lost when converting PDF|Bug|

Reviewer: Task PDFNET-53610 is Reopened and should be removed from the list

|PDFNET-55334|System.NullReferenceException while accessing to the Field.Parent property in certain cases|Bug|
|PDFNET-55350|Widget page index is reset to 0 after importing a fillable field|Bug|
|PDFNET-51102|Parallel processing - code is not executing properly|Bug|
|PDFNET-54927|Page.AddStamp() throws System.IndexOutOfRangeException|Bug|
|PDFNET-50853|Aspose.PDF 21.10: After adding annotation there are no annotations in the resulting pdf file if open it in Google Chrome|Bug|
|PDFNET-54333|When FlatteningAnnotations with PdfAnnotationEditor Throws System.IndexOutOfRangeException|Bug|
|PDFNET-47851|PDF to TIFF - text is overlapped in output|Bug|
|PDFNET-47306|Blank DOCX file generated|Bug|
|PDFNET-50637|Redaction area is not correct|Bug|

> |PDFNET-50374|Aspose.Pdf 21.7: Cannot load Pcl on macOS|Bug|

Reviewer: Issue PDFNET-50374 resolved with Aspose.PDF.Drawing (not Aspose.PDF for .NET). It should be removed from the list.
